Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What?
We can not sit on the couch
without something happens?
(Museum of Aeronautics)
I can not believe
He has reserved the entire museum.
Just for a celebration of service.
It is not fair
vis-à-vis other visitors.
We drove
18 hours to come here.
But on the other hand,
this barrier is very sweet!
Tap it, kids!
A feast! A feast! A feast!
Homer, you work
with these people.
A little restraint.
Moderation!
Moderation! Moderation!
Calm down, Marge!
That is my only chance to socialize
with people I do ever
As such!
I am your supervisor.
- Really?
How do I do?
Well, if it is
not my favorite employee,
and his wife!
And they must
being of children!
Take a root gimgembre.
He is
pretend to be nice ...
It is suspicious.
It must prepare something.
Lisa, Mr. Burns is the adult
the sweetest I know.
You know how many adults?
Basically, he and Dad.
Joli smoking, Moe.
Thank you, I bought
for my funeral.
There is no rear, then
I do not ask me back.
I paid for
a coffin Molton,
I bong and blood
want to feel it.
Since the dawn of aviation,
Man has built museums
dedicated to the history of aviation.
And created audiovisual materials for
guide visitors to these museums.
Since the books
Animated rudimentary
to I-MAX from Cape Canaveral.
Audiovisual materials
Museum of Aviation
have taken large and small
to the hectic
adventure of understanding.
This is the story
of these materials.
type in a
Burns giant head.
It sounds like Burns!
It is a great imitation!
Here is a period piece on the waterfall
Air Springfield: Agnes Skinner!
A wooden plane! It was time
that trees are used to something.
Rather than keep you planted
straight as morons.
The Pelican Wood is more
wide as a football field.
It weighs heavier than
the State of New Hampshire.
It has flown only once,
under the command of his
creator C. Montgomery Burns.
It flew at an altitude of 2mètres,
a distance of 1m50!
Then it was discovered that the rain
Starting in the flames.
Then the Führer me fired.
What a wonderful reception!
M Burns is a great man!
I still
a bad right now.
Let margin, it's great here.
Admission free, servers song
And we can use
toilets of the future.
Homer was a reactor!
Hello, drug addicts wage.
Everyone is
happy and satisfied?
Yes!
- It's great!
I would give my life for you.
Where is your sense of fayotage?
Go ahead, super boss!
Entering into force immediately
the coverage plan
Social workers ...
... Is abolished!
Year after year, the health service ...
bla bla bla, forms of politeness,
Out!
This must be the nasty surprise
announced in the invitation.
Catch it!
Fly, stupid!
I tried to explain that
this machine does not really flying.
Smithers, he must believe!
Next stop, Parad'Ile!
Well, it was a great fete.
You think Carole of accounting
and Mike mail will flirt?
He is married.
Change of course
Carole must be notified.
Now that Burns
eliminated coverage,
we will have reduced
our Expenditure disease!
I will find a second job.
One that pays well.
Think team
"Friends" looking for a new player?
This series is not even broadcast!
Gee, I have been perfect in the role
Irish cousin of Rachel!
So you separate?
But who will take care of the old Shamus?
I need a new job, which can
to live my whole family.
As long as I do not work more than 5h
by day, without lifting heavy weight.
No job at the church,
nor as Father Christmas in the nuts ...
With people who enjoy nudity.
Let me see what I found.
You have overcome the monster
Level 3, Phobos is safe.
Phobos?
I am well pleased.
Many local businesses follow
Traces of the nuclear power plant
and decide to delete
their coverage.
Even here on Chanel 6!
Children go to the
pharmacy of your parents.
And find the pills marked:
Lithium dibromide.
And send them to me.
Now!
Nobody likes
Clown lunatics!
To cope with this crisis,
many are trying forms
alternative treatment!
I treat with Ralph
pills from criminal evidence!
I have desires smuggling mad!
Of course, everything would be easier
if the pharmaceutical industry
proposed affordable prices!
Dr. Julius Hebert,
do you agree?
I can not throw
stone in these companies.
All make mistakes, but
they know their next deal!
Let me introduce you to the very
pretty pom pom girls Pfizer!
"I like big buttocks,
and I can not deny it. "
Pfizer assumes no responsibility for any
dizziness or divorce premature.
I would say that it is always a pleasure
dialogue with a mother and daughter,
which have neutralized the security,
and forced the entrance of my office.
I just want to ask why
a small pill costs $ 30?
In other countries,
drugs are cheaper.
And in these other countries, we sit
the ground to eat insects.
In which country?
Have you ever visited Norway?
No.
Well, this is the case in Norway.
That's why
Every day I thank God
for the price too
expensive drug.
I mean, the right price.
Finally, a low price.
Watch this video.
The majestic river Amazonnienne.
The Indians had a name for it.
But it was rid of Indians
and we forgot that word.
But here's a word you can forget
by Huey Lewis and The News.
"I want a new drug!"
This is your medicine.
Wait, it's not a drug!
is a cashew nut!
I have a cork bottle.
Mine flew.
Let me explain
from behind the grille.
Your pills have become very expensive.
And as everyone is sheet you
it was decided to let you die.
For those who survive this night,
Tomorrow morning there will be waffles.
Mmm, waffles!
I did not survive the 2nd World War and to die!
I will fight!
It is crazy, but
do you want, it is young!
Pharmaceutical companies
will not help us.
I have the solution!
Dad?
Thank God, this is a good home.
This is the 4th try.
The drugs that we seek
are just across the border.
I have a friend who can help us.
The border? I should do
remove my fingerprints.
I could wear gloves.
No, they are upstairs.
We're gringos come muchos dineros spend in your country.
Beautiful!
Welcome to Canada.
(Now, without Celine Dion)
(Veterans of a single War)
This is your false cards
Canadian social security.
Go to any pharmacy,
they give you enough médoc
to get the Queen
of England to Shania Twain.
It is good Johnny.
Johnny thank you a thousand times.
As a gift, here's a DVD player.
What is ... Where there is syrup?
I would like Vayax ...
And a blood pressure monitor ....
With a dial!
Anything you want,
Canadian man.
Canadian?
Looking for a fight?
Finally, I mean, just you see!
( "White Rabbit" - Jefferson Airplane)
Anything to declare?
I declare that you have the most
beautiful brown eyes that are!
And I think
you hide ...
a heart as big
that our borders!
Now déguerpissez!
Grand crazy.
He had a passport?
Yes ... for my heart.
Drugs, Drugs!
Read the instructions!
Where do I put the records?
Whose turn?
I have pills to make you sleep,
eliminate clot, copulating.
In that order!
Grand Father, we would like
thank you for your gesture.
Please accept this jacket
remember "Dumbo Drop".
Look, the same D
and for Dumbo Drop ...
Incredibly, only three
have never been purchased.
Margin? Bart? Lisa?
Aloha!
It's like Hawaii!
Unless we can leave
the hotel without getting hit!
What's new?
We just wanted to thank you.
With Xanax, I am no longer
anxious to be a Simpsons!
I just afraid of being hooked
the Xanax, but it made me forget.
My father, this mule.
I need something to calm my stomach.
I should take it with a meal.
But here's Mr. Homer, my favorite customer!
Please take a Playboy,
and tell me to return to a
country I am not originating.
Why this tone Apu charmer?
Looking for médoc 'Cheap?
Please let me participate in
one of your travel contraband.
My 8 babies make me crazy!
they cough,
sneezes, and make noise!
They fear my
concierge who dares get out!
What does this mean?
I do not even understand my
bad jokes! I'm tired.
Homer, help me.
Ronnie needs her insulin.
It breaks my heart
to see delirious.
Flanders? I do not know.
What did you do for me
from giving me $ 5000 yesterday?
I do not pretend to be
the perfect neighbor.
If you let us come, I leave you
Only 10 minutes with my squishy machine.
You do what you want ...
No camera?
No camera.
Homer, tell Ned to stop
I want to convert.
I told her it was just
courage to believe in a false God.
I do not believe in one God.
Rather, a
super team of gods.
He made a fillip!
Where is she gone,
ta super team?
I'll tell you
which is the true God,
but only if you stay calm.
Okay, I go back.
Shiva Help!
Why did not you
a superhero in place?
Why you do not farm?
(Welcome to Winnipeg. We are
born here, what is your excuse?)
Tabernacle! Ca c't'un
criss' heap of pills!
For a new Vietnam?
Hi, you are the northern neighbor.
I appreciate your way of speaking.
Say you want to draw a
Taffe on my joint?
It's legal here.
I was warned that Satan
would be charming. Here we go!
Anyone want coffee?
It does not come from this station?
Because I do
not to give my dog.
No, no, it's homemade.
Attention is even hotter
a dispatch from Fox News.
Wait, let me a t'enrouler
wet towel around his head.
Stop it, he expresses his faith!
Wait, we just
mere tourists!
I just take a sip!
Police have dismantled an organization
American contraband.
Former astronaut
Homer Simpson was arrested.
My buttocks are huge
when I'm handcuffed.
We have confiscated your
car and its contents.
You can leave Canada, but never returned.
I am a big fat french stupid.
More medicine, we
dropped everyone.
Your coat, senor.
Fortunately, we have
not put your name on the front!
Dad, you did your best.
For the first time
I can say without being drunk ...
I am
really proud of you!
It is illegal to drink
on the road.
But it went where?
Let good ...
There is nothing better than to
disappear a social plan industry.
I feel in agreement
with the forces of the universe.
I agree, sir.
Shut up!
I'm tired of you.
you're always agree,
always available, you ..
you drive by land.
Smithers, in the case of any
joke cease immediately.
Sir, my thyroid swells.
Stop that! I need
your throat for my speech.
When you canceled
medical coverage,
I could not pay me my Firox.
But before dying,
I tell you ....
Hang Smithers. I will stir
heaven and earth to save you.
It is always easier than explaining
another my filing system.
As long as I make one last big blow.
But we can never
pass over the border.
There are other ways
to enter Canada.
But of course, a plane!
Hide drugs in an airplane?
It will never work!
Of course if that!
We just need a driver.
I have everything you need!
Katherine Hepburn!
But no, poor fool!
Burns is me. Follow me.
Finally, my plane
has fulfilled its original goal ...
Overturn U.S. laws!
(Somewhere a Manitoba)
It seems that your
plane is almost full.
Should not be overloaded.
Trouillardise
Typical Canadian!
That's why you have balls
snow, and the H-bomb!
Thank you for your help Johnny.
How do you thank?
I always wanted to see
a man with the IQ of a child
to enforce
by the government.
We did not like it here.
Really? In America,
is four times a week.
We see happening, and I find you
places the highest priority.
I am well pleased.
We lose altitude. It is time
to get rid of unnecessary weight.
Do not throw me, I can lose weight.
Let me just a chance.
I prefer to die.
Nothing was done, we will have
emergency arise.
At least, we share
this critical situation ...
There is a 3 parachutes.
It is for me ...
And the other 2 are
gifts for my nephews.
Homer, you're sure
Learn steer it?
I get both
we have wings!
Oh cow!
You are under arrest.
For what reason?
To have scared a policeman!
Climb in the car,
and do not touch guns ...
I just reload.
You might have to stop too.
Abe Simpson is that I
kept my fleece.
He treated my limbago ... Thank you!
My episodes of incontinence.
My glaviose purulent!
It's been a bad!
Thanks to the pills immunisantes
against the lactose
I can drink
Krusty the milkshake.
Disgraceful!
And although Simpson, you
helped a lot of people here.
As stated in the manual
Springfield's police ...
If you can not
safe, join them!
Chief, I watched
in the manual.
Many of your quotes
did not appear at all.
Look a little closer, Lou.
I hope it's not too late.
Swallow this medication. Hurry!
It does not work.
Only my soul and my breath
can save him.
Sir, you saved my life!
Yes ...
I was a crazy old embittered ...
I will bring all my employees
full-time this coverage.
Great news!
M Burns made me a
freelance consultant!
What is size?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org